Looter with Fire:
“The second day of the riots on 3rd street, I photographed this guy running past a burning Jon’s market with a shopping cart full of diapers. I affectionately call this image ‘A Huggies Run,’” says Kirk McKoy, who took this photo on April 30, 1992.

Eddie Song Lee:
Edward Song Lee, 18, foreground, was shot to death and three other people were injured at 3rd and Hobart streets in Los Angeles’ Koreatown on April 30, 1992. Police questioned the survivors of the attack, who were shot while trying to protect a Korean-owned pizza parlor.

In another photo, Kang captured the killing of 18-year-old Edward Song Lee. Lee was responding to calls over the radio asking for help protecting Koreatown businesses, Kang says, when the car he was riding in came under fire.

“In the absence of police protection, people were calling into Radio Korea asking, ‘Can someone come and help guard our store? We’re being broken into,’” he said. “Koreatown volunteers ? these college students, most without any guns ? went to provide protection to the shops. This group of four kids in one car was one of them. It was unfortunate that they got shot at on the way over there.”

Kang said he arrived to see Lee being pulled out of the car.


Looters Arrest:
Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department officers surround alleged looters on Vermont at Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard on April 30, 1992.

Looter 1:
An LAPD officer falls while chasing a suspected looter on Vermont near Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard on April 30, 1992.

When Dykes captured a photo of an officer collapsing as he chased a bloodied looter, he said he wasn’t thinking about the riots or the implications or the danger popping off all around him. He was in full photographer mode; he was thinking of his shot.

“While you’re in it, you never really think about it,” he said. “I was thinking, ‘That picture, if it was on any other corner, the background would have been a burning building.’ It was a park fence. But I remember thinking, ‘If it was on any other corner, it would have been a more impactful photo.’”